I remember getting a detention or suspended for skateboarding in the hallways my principal saying if you think you're going to grow up and be able to skateboard through the halls of your office you got another thing coming.
Um, I built a half pipe in my office a few years ago just so I can skateboard while I worked.
My name is Casey Neistat and I'm a filmmaker and a youtuber and a business owner and a dad, I wear a lot of hats.
I was born in South-Eastern Connecticut in a town called Gales Ferry which is like a little kind of nothing town.
I got in a lot of trouble as a kid, like a lot of trouble in grammar school just for being bad.
It wasn't a lack of respect for authority, it was like I disagreed with the authority because I was being told things I just didn't agree with.
And if I didn't agree with it, why should I subscribe to it?
Like I would describe so much of what I experienced, and so much of the guidance that I was given right up until my teenage years as, as straight to the middle.
Like yes, you want an average job and an average life, here's the instructions mail to do it.
And if you don't follow these rules you are wrong and I didn't believe in that, I didn't subscribe to that and my frustration was every time I pushed back against that I'd be pushed down by the authority figures because I would be wrong.
And I fucking hated that like that frustration was, was huge for me and I was running into it everywhere I went.
So I left, I ran away from home when I was like 15 years old, I moved in with these two girls.
It took me about six weeks to get one of them pregnant and then I had a baby like two weeks after my 17th birthday.
So that was a pivotal moment in my life.
We were as poor as poor could be.
We were on welfare we had free milk and diapers from the state but I had a job, I was a dishwasher and I had like a regular income it's $320 a week then eventually moved into a trailer park and then my son's mother dumped me when he was about two years old for all the right reasons and that's when I started to kind of panic and it was also the same time that I was introduced to video editing via the new, at the time 1999, the new iMac which it had iMovie version 1.01 and I remember the first time I played with that I was like “Wow this is a way of taking these ideas and turning them into something that I could then share” and that was a profound moment for me in my life.
I, for the first time, didn't have any reason to be in South-Eastern Connecticut.
I felt sort of an impitus to do something more and I had no idea what that more was but I knew it couldn't be accomplished in Connecticut, I knew I had to get out.
And that's when I made the decision to move to New York City.
New York City has always been sort of an object of obsession for me, it's been something that I have been obsessed, I've been, I've romanticized, something that I've fixated on since I was a kid.
It was June 4th 2001 and I moved to New York City on a train, on Amtrack train.
So as everything that I could take with me on a train, which is fairly limited.
So it wasn't a lot, it was a duffle bag and an iMac one in each hand and I took it to Penn Station and from there took a taxi which was like a lot of my money to a sublet that I had in the East Village and that sublet was probably 2 or 300 square feets and I shared it with a stranger.
So I had a futon in what was my room and the room was so small the futon wouldn't lay flat.
There was no fear, there was no trepidation, it was just pure unbridled enthusiasm, it was excitement for what was to come.
It was me realizing something that had once felt unattainable and now was in the palm of my hand.
I think the channel started in 2010 and then I think Bike Lanes was 2011 and then Make It Count was like 2012 or 2013.
And it was those two and a couple of other ones around there that really like took it from zero to 100.
The day-to-day now is all about my tech company Beme.
We are in the hands of thousands of thousands of users that are using our platform every single day so the minute to minute is about making that product better for them.
This is what sharing on Beme looks like.
There's no staring at the phone, you just hold it to your chest and it records and then it's posted.
That's it.
I love sharing more than anything else and sharing in, in any and every way possible is how to describe the umbrella that all of my little more specific ambitions live under.
But that inflection point, that moment, leaving Connecticut, leaving what was a life that very  easily could have been my entire trajectory, working in kitchens, living in a trailer park, struggling and being miserable, making the decision to leave that and embrace something that was certainly terrifying, that was unknown, that was undetermined in every capacity, that inflection point, that decision, has been the most pivotal decision of my entire life.
