I'm Folayan.
And I'm Bobby.
I'm from Dallas.
I'm from Detroit.
And we're Flyana Boss
We make music for the girls, the gays and the days.
And every other disenfranchised group out there that doesn't have a voice, we want to empower the unempowered.
Yeah black girls up one.
The weird ones up two.
Our group name Flyana Boss has a lot of dimensions to it.
It's multi-layered.
She came up with it really.
She went to sleep one night, she woke up there's this big picture of diana ross and she said Flyana Boss.
Exactly and then later on I figured it was like you fly and a boss, so Flyana Boss it is.
Yeah.
I'm a great fuck but a better lover open carry pussy lethal like I'm Danny Glover I might steal a bike drive it through the suburbs got your daddy cuffed up like he undercover.
When we were writing this song we were like we need a bar at the very beginning.
Like a standout bar that's going to like smack people in the face.
Yeah they would just go “what did they just say ?”.
We ended up with “I'm a great fuck but a better lover” because.
We're better lovers than we are fucks.
Yeah.
This is also the first time we ever said pussy in a song twice.
Each of us say it too.
Yeah, I've never seen lethal weapon but.
Yeah but I was like Danny Glover is in that movie let's rhyme undercover with Danny Glover.
Crop top, little waist, tiny titties in your face, drop top, big subs, I'm like Nicky “Super Bass”, got your windows fogged up because I'm hot like Nelly I know what you want so get in my.
We love Nicky so much, she's like a big part of our daily life.
Like we're always quoting Nicky's bars 
Like our favorite verse of all time is her versing rake it up, I could Genius dissect that right now if you want.
Brought out the pink Lamborghini just a race in China, brought the Wraith to China, just a race in China.
So good.
So Nicky's influence is always there.
Heavy, heavy.
Heavy on it.
Get like me?
No, you wish, you could never, ever, ever, be that bitch.
Get like me?
No, you wish, you could never, ever, ever, ever, ever be that bitch.
In order to be that bitch you just have to like love yourself, love others, be kind, be respectful.
And that, that will give you a path to being the best you.
You could never be us.
Yeah, you could also be that bitch, you could.
Right, you can be that bitch.
But not these bitches. 
Yeah.
Hello, Christ? I'm about to sin again, I said, “I love you” to that man but I'm not feeling him.
Hello Christ it's like forgive me father I have sins.
Exactly but it's like I'm gonna just tell you, I'm gonna sin again.
Right and then we were like okay what's a sin.
What's a good sin but what's like a sweet sin.
Yeah that's not too bad, but like
Like something that we would think is a sin is like telling a man that you love him but you know you don't like him you're not feeling him.
That is like a sin.
Yeah.
Also the veridic side I lied I was feeling him, I really was.
I'm made of sugar, spice, kanekalon and cinnamon.
Powerpuff Girls have been like a theme since we started like you know sugar spice, you know everything.
Whatever.
The x.
The x.
All of that.
But I was like okay what are we actually made of.
Kanekalon, It's a daily part of both of our lives we both braid our hair it's such a great fun word to say too.
It is.
Me and my bestie are the same, like a synonym.
We're the same but different.
Yeah.
Which is a synonym, like it's not the exact same word but it means the same thing.
So we are like a synonym.
We are on sin again, and cinnamon, so we put it in
I be Michael Phelps, All the brand deals that I'm swimming in.
When we wrote the brand deal line we had zero brand deals but now we have a couple.
Manifestation is real.
Yeah.
You can call me Dr Evil because I got many men.
That line just felt like a layup like I think it just came out as like oh Dr Evil many men.
Many men,many men, also all the henchmen he has so many henchmen, and then many me, everything, it just came together.
Yeah.
Invested in this pussy and this shit is paying dividends.
Slap a bitch, bitch slap back because I'm feminine.
I think it's important to invest in your pussy, financially, spiritually, a wax maybe.
Uh.
Worship your own pussy, you know, all of that.
It's important to take the time to invest in your pussy but also invest in yourself, your human body and who you are and your spirituality and all of that and that's what that line represents.
Our very first video of us running was in the suburbs okay.
We just picked a random street and we were like let's run down the street.
And we did it to like the first verse and like we talked about it we weren't sure like if we should both be running at the same time together but then eventually we came to the conclusion that I'm just going to hop in whenever so I like stood down the street and waited for them.
And then we've been running ever since.
Yeah.